CLIENT TESTIMONIALS
CASE 1 - Neurofeedback for Epilepsy

" When my 17 year old son was diagnosed with Absence or Petit-Mal, the mild form of epilepsy, our family was shocked and the fabric of my son's life changed. He was missing chunks of conversation which was affecting his learning at school and the prospects of him getting his driver's licence were suddenly limited. The neurologist said that was most likely born with the problem and prescribed the mind altering drugs that would help him deal with the condition. But the effect on my son was disturbing. He became more confused and chronically tired, spending hours in the sick bay at school as we tried to find a level of medication that deal with his issues. Finally, our GP suggested an alternative non drug therapy - Neurofeedback.

Eighteen months later, after intensive Neurofeedback therapy, the neurologist informed us that our son's EEG was completely clear of any signs of epilepsy. Now he has his learner's permit and life has taken on a whole new perspective thanks to Matt Leggett and his work in Neurofeedback."

(Sunshine Coast)

CASE 2 - Neurofeedback for PTSD, Depression and  Anxiety

" After coming into contact with Matt's work during my son's successful treatment for epilepsy, I became
aware he also treated post traumatic stress syndrome, depression and anxiety. These were conditions I had been battling for more than a year, having counselling and other treaments without significant improvement.

The Neurofeedback treatment through Matt got me up off the couch, where I'd taken up residence for more than  6 months. I had more energy and enthusiasm for life. The Neurofeedback has had more positive effects than any of the drugs or other treatments."

(Maleny)

CASE 3- Neurofeedback for Complex PTSD and Dissociative Disorder

"I  was referred for neurofeedback by my counsellor, who I had been seeing for some time around issues related to past trauma.  My diagnosis is complex post-traumatic  stress disorder and dissociative disorder. At the time I commenced neurofeedback  treatment I was struggling with suicidal thoughts, almost constant anxiety, long standing insomnia and regular dissociative blackouts.  These symptoms had been quite long standing and had forced me to leave a   professional career. At the point I commenced treatment, my life had contracted to the point that the only time I left the house was to exercise, which was the only way I could even temporarily quell the bodily anxiety.

Within  3 weeks of starting neurofeedback, I noticed I had gone an entire week without having suicidal thoughts – the longest time in two decades. This was the first sign  things were changing. I am now 3 months into treatment and they have not  returned. Within 6 weeks, the bodily feelings of anxiety had gone – no nausea, dizziness or feeling like I am jumping out of my skin. At 3 months I have been  managing an almost normal sleep pattern. I am now swimming because I enjoy it  rather than ‘needing’ it to make my body a habitable place. I have also been able to begin to reconnect with my hobbies, have started  writing for pleasure again, gardening and playing music. These were things I  didn’t even think to do any more as I was spending most of my day so ‘spaced  out’ and disconnected. I am now able to think about what I could do in the  future instead of being frozen in the past."

(Brisbane)