ABOUT US
Enhance Neurofeedback in Brisbane is comprised of a  group of experienced practitioners and affiliate organisations with an interest  in providing neurofeedback and services which integrate neurofeedback with  counselling and coaching. We also offer counselling and coaching services independent of neurofeedback.

MATT LEGGETT
BSW (Hons) MSWAP MAASW - Practice Principal
 Picture
Matt Leggett is a Clinical Social Worker and Psychotherapist with over 20 years of experience. Matt provides individual, couple and family therapy across a range of issues including; matters of everyday life, trauma, parenting and childhood issues, depression and anxiety. He is an experienced neurofeedback clinician and provides this service independently or integrated with counselling or coaching. Matt has a central theme to his practice which seeks to understand and enact the nature of energy and transformation in our individual, family, work and community lives.
Qualifications and experience

After completing an apprenticeship in the printing industry, Matt completed a Bachelor of Social Work (Hons) at UQ, specialising in child and family therapy, and later a Masters of Social Welfare Administration and Planning. In his post graduate study and practice, Matt has focused on establishing programs that link clinical work, group work and community development using Systems, Narrative and Creative Theory approaches, and has been a consultant to many human service organisations in this regard.

He has training and experience in individual, couple and family therapies, community development and 
contemporary personality and performance practice. Within these contexts, he employs current applications of neuroscience in the use of methods such as neurofeedback and transformational processes for individuals and teams. 

Accredited Member AASW
Affiliate of EEG Spectrum International
Member Applied Neuroscience Society of Australasia



OUR AFFILIATES
NEUROPOWER TEAM 
 Picture
Neurofeedback, business and performance coaching, consulting and research partner

www.neuropower.com.au
DISCOVERING AND CREATING SOLUTIONS
(Dr Moshe Perl and team)
 Picture
 Neurofeedback and EEG consultant and research partner

 www.neurotherapy.com.au