CLIENT TESTIMONIALS

Neurofeedback for Epilepsy

" When my 17 year old son was diagnosed with Absence or Petit-Mal, the mild form of epilepsy, our family was shocked and the fabric of my son's life changed. He was missing chunks of conversation which was affecting his learning at school and the prospects of him getting his driver's licence were suddenly limited. The neurologist said that was most likely born with the problem and prescribed the mind altering drugs that would help him deal with the condition. But the effect on my son was disturbing. He became more confused and chronically tired, spending hours in the sick bay at school as we tried to find a level of medication that deal with his issues. Finally, our GP suggested an alternative non drug therapy - Neurofeedback.

Eighteen months later, after intensive Neurofeedback therapy, the neurologist informed us that our son's EEG was completely clear of any signs of epilepsy. Now he has his learner's permit and life has taken on a whole new perspective thanks to Matt Leggett and his work in Neurofeedback."



Neurofeedback for Complex PTSD and Dissociative Disorder

"I was referred for neurofeedback by my counsellor, who I had been seeing for some time around issues related to past trauma. My diagnosis is complex post-traumatic stress disorder and dissociative disorder. At the time I commenced neurofeedback treatment I was struggling with suicidal thoughts, almost constant anxiety, long standing insomnia and regular dissociative blackouts. These symptoms had been quite long standing and had forced me to leave a professional career. At the point I commenced treatment, my life had contracted to the point that the only time I left the house was to exercise, which was the only way I could even temporarily quell the bodily anxiety.




 Neurofeedback for PTSD, Depression and Anxiety

" After coming into contact with Matt's work during my son's successful treatment for epilepsy, I became
aware he also treated post traumatic stress syndrome, depression and anxiety. These were conditions I had been battling for more than a year, having counselling and other treaments without significant improvement.

The Neurofeedback treatment through Matt got me up off the couch, where I'd taken up residence for more than 6 months. I had more energy and enthusiasm for life. The Neurofeedback has had more positive effects than any of the drugs or other treatments.