WHAT IS NEUROFEEDBACK?
Neurofeedback is biofeedback using brainwaves. As well as an effective treatment for conditions such as anxiety, depression and ADHD, Neurofeedback can also be used to create peak states for athletes, performers and generally for improved functioning in work and study roles. 

Using electrodes attached to your scalp and ears your brainwaves are picked up and sent to a computer which displays your brainwaves on the screen. On another screen, when efficient brainwaves are used, this signal enables objects to be moved, for example in a game where the goal is to keep one boat ahead of the others. The brain is very adaptable and works at remarkable speeds. Once your brain recognises that it performs more effectively with a different set of feedback signals, it tries to recreate more of that kind of activity.

The therapists role is to assess and develop the correct protocol for your specific needs, and then to adjust the feedback to make your challenge easier or more difficult. Your brain needs to be challenged enough to get a good “workout” at the effective level of functioning.

Over a number of sessions this is reinforced and the brain develops an increased and ongoing ability to produce more of the effective activity (using the right kind of brainwavesmore frequently).



HOW MANY SESSIONS ARE NEEDED?
Generally a minimum of 15-20 sessions is required, with some conditions requiring 40 or more sessions. Improvements are generally seen within the first 5 to 10 sessions.

Neurofeedback sessions take approximately 50 minutes and are usually conducted two or three times per week. Once the gains become more evident, final sessions then ensure that this gain is consolidated and sustained over time.  Using a remotely supervised home system may also be an option, once gains begin to be seen.



AN EXAMPLE OF THE USE OF NEUROFEEDBACK
Bill is finding that he lacks concentration, and he can’t sustain his focus and attention across the day. He becomes vague and loses his energy, then becomes overwhelmed with his work tasks. In order to complete deadlines he has to “pump himself up” at the last minute to get the job done. This cycle leaves him exhausted most of the time, and his GP has diagnosed mild depression.

After the first couple of neurofeedback sessions, Bill finds he is experiencing “windows” of greater focus and energy. Over 25 sessions, the changes have been substantial and consolidated. He is able to sustain his energy most of the time at work and has the focus and clarity to organise and prioritise using strategies he has learned in the past, but never had the energy to implement.


Does Neurofeedback Really Work?

Substantial improvements are seen about 80% of the time. Depending on the problem, these changes may include improved sleep, better attention and concentration, calming down of impulsive or hyperactive behaviour, better regulation of mood and emotions, improved academic or work performance and improved verbal and non verbal communication.

There is a significant and growing body of evidence to support the effectiveness of neurofeedback in a range of areas including ADHD, epilepsy, anxiety, depression, ASD, alcohol issues and PTSD.

Neurofeedback is also being used for peak performance training for performers, athletes, executives and students. There is some informative literature discussing this practice, however there is not as yet a strong enough base of research in this area. In many cases, the performance issues addressed will reflect varying levels of the conditions mentioned above, such as depression or anxiety. Enhance is currently working together with Neuropower and Discovering and Creating Solutions, to research how personality can be observed in brainwaves, and neurofeedback used to achieve peak performance states.

The following links provide more detailed information on neurofeedback, and its evidence base, along with links to explore further:



LINKS
=====


EEG Info
http://www.eeginfo.com/

Trauma Center Organisation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM1Igu9ofpA


International Society for Neurofeedback and Research (ISNR)
http://www.isnr.org/nfbarch/nbiblio.htm

The Applied Neuroscience Society of Australasia
http://www.appliedneuroscience.org.au/

